Present for a special conversation with us is
Sanjiv Mantri, Executive Director of ICICI Lombard.
First of all, in the product range that
you have launched, a lot of it is related to motor insurance.
How much benefit will you get at this time on PAU Drive Life? If someone
drives less, how much can the premium be reduced for them?
Yuvraj Singh
during technology is our main purpose and
let the customer
drive his car in the same way. Many people
saw that he used to
drive a lot for the cinnamon and honey mixture, so at
that time a lot of
work was going on on our part. Now what we have done is that
if you have less than this, then
you can charge 10 to 15 percent less premium.
You have to click and
follow the steps and then
you have to top up. So for this business,
we believe that if you also
read and drive, we will provide you a device from the
company. After using it, you will
see your driving pattern and the next
time we take it, then you can set it for 10 to 15
minutes.  So this is a
very clearly defined, predictable technology
based technology that we have used. This can be of
great benefit to the customer. Put a footer
policy, which till now we have been hearing in waves,
but in voter also, if there are
four vehicles in my family, then
they can be covered through one insurance. So,
how much benefit will the
policy holder get in this, so the benefit will be that
Bigg Boss will be available. Every person who
has Vijay, five or four
vehicles, has to take care of four digits.
He has to remember to renew the contract
and the guide. Now we will
comment it and bring it to a date as per
convenience. And after that, the
PM that will be paid next year can be
paid together. Plus, if there are four
vehicles, then it can be transferred
with the company. I think
we launched this in the Sand Office a
few years ago. The response to it was the
best. And our scholarly project limit was
fully utilized in 4 to 6 weeks.
Now we have launched it in the normal rally.
We have launched this All Indian, which we have seen is
getting very good response from the spot market,
you are not even putting it inside, then
how much of a game changer will it be and compared to other companies, do
you think that looking at the current change that
Reddy has taken, we have
started this, yes see, right now help,
we believe that in case of New York City
and Sand, some things
like European treatment,
in India medical expenses, 65 to 70% are in OPD, it was
necessary to cover that, we have
increased the decision in the fifties, only comes in
skill option, which is through oil tech care, in
which almost 2.4 million of our
customers are getting it, that's all,
finally you can get it in telecalling in Bigg Boss,
your feedback can be specific minutes,
if you want to get your
body scanned, all that, Sumeet, this product is quite different, it does not cause
any such injury, it is not difficult on the spot,
which has made a senior citizen
script, see today the
status of people up to 65 years of age
After that, it is not available completely. We have added
such features where
extra care is required, by adding its features,
see in the option. The product that we have created,
through this facility, if you
need to discover Zinc Medical also, then you
can update it. Apart from this,
today we have added international cover for our Advantage product
because Darshan has seen the roots of half requirement,
customer don't Vashishtha Mishra up to three crores,
so our concept is taking it,
plus all countries supported by take care, so the
experience of insurance customer should be seamless, so
comprehensively we have not made such an area in help, there is no such thing, no such
thing is
not available for long customers. At this time,
Jhala is also related to the commission of an ID. A
circular came in which it was said that if
insurance companies decide that those who
take direct insurance should be given a
discount in premium, then
what happens now and if you implement it, then when the
policy holder
comes to the website of the director, then
how much less premium will he have to pay, this was there earlier also, it is
not that this is a matter of now, this was there earlier also
where  5500, Priyanka Diet
Language could have kept it a little less, it does not
give anything and this is the right way from America, so let the
customer directly have the website, you
know, we are the first company which has been in the insurance business since 2004-05, not only this, we are the
first company which has such
products which should be available
on our website, no
other company can survive, so what we have done
in English is to
create such a disease website, in it the
customer can come directly,
consistency and product delivery is the same,
they will not get anything deprecated in it, there will be
no side effects, so my
products will be relatively small complex,
sir, now that iodine has been approved by you,
use and file, so after that,
what other innovative products has SSC
brought, that you are considered surgery, to
give innovative products to the customers,
absolutely told more money, industry
leaders want to weather for advice, what we have done is that
I have set alarms
where there are 14 products with products,
we have done job  Which is motor health and proper
leveling paragraph clearly a very healthy
pipeline will keep but we will keep bringing
incremental changes and products and depression, easy
if the website is direct
customer level and this approved partner should
go to Reserve Bank's vault or channel fitness gym,
we will keep doing it but what I would like right now is that whatever
launch we have, we should
focus on it and do it in a roundabout way and
we will keep doing it from time to time
because now due to the river of Use Infi,
we have got a lot of active
Ambi Valley, our question is that for
ending the gift front in it,
thank you very much Sir